---
layout: post
title:  "React.js Redux and Context API"
date:   2019-06-14 01:23:07 +0800
categories: react framework
image: "/assets/blog/blog-list-img05.jpg"
---

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit. Ratione odio, ducimus tempore iusto nesciunt porro nulla veniam, cumque ullam doloribus, consequatur sapiente molestias alias libero excepturi delectus obcaecati modi accusamus.

Season Two depicts the Avengers as they track down the remaining members of the Masters of Evil and end up facing the invasions of the [Skrulls](/wiki/Skrull "Skrull") in the first half of the season and the [Kree](/wiki/Kree "Kree") in the second half. The Avengers are unaware that [Captain America](/wiki/Captain_America "Captain America") had been replaced at the end of the first-season finale by a Skrull operative as part of their systematic infiltration of Earth. This season also alludes to a developing storyline that [Surtur](/wiki/Surtur_(Marvel_Comics) "Surtur (Marvel Comics)"), now free of his imprisonment in Muspelheim, is slowly gathering his strength to oppose the Avengers as a prelude to Ragnarök. [Ms. Marvel](/wiki/Carol_Danvers "Carol Danvers") joins the team this season, followed by the [Vision](/wiki/Vision_(Marvel_Comics) "Vision (Marvel Comics)"). Many other characters from the Marvel Comics universe make appearances, such as [Spider-Man](/wiki/Spider-Man "Spider-Man"), [Wolverine](/wiki/Wolverine_(character) "Wolverine (character)"), [Scott Lang](/wiki/Ant-Man_(Scott_Lang) "Ant-Man (Scott Lang)") (the second Ant-Man) and his daughter [Cassandra](/wiki/Cassandra_Lang "Cassandra Lang"), [Heroes for Hire](/wiki/Heroes_for_Hire "Heroes for Hire"), [Doctor Doom](/wiki/Doctor_Doom "Doctor Doom"), [Crossfire](/wiki/Crossfire_(comics) "Crossfire (comics)"), [Thaddeus E. "Thunderbolt" Ross](/wiki/Thunderbolt_Ross "Thunderbolt Ross") (in both his human form and his "Red Hulk" form), the [Guardians of the Galaxy](/wiki/Guardians_of_the_Galaxy_(2008_team) "Guardians of the Galaxy (2008 team)") (composed of [Star-Lord](/wiki/Star-Lord "Star-Lord"), [Rocket Raccoon](/wiki/Rocket_Raccoon "Rocket Raccoon"), [Groot](/wiki/Groot "Groot"), [Quasar](/wiki/Phyla-Vell "Phyla-Vell") and [Adam Warlock](/wiki/Adam_Warlock "Adam Warlock")), [Quake](/wiki/Daisy_Johnson "Daisy Johnson"), [Beta Ray Bill](/wiki/Beta_Ray_Bill "Beta Ray Bill"), the [Falcon](/wiki/Falcon_(comics) "Falcon (comics)"), the [Winter Soldier](/wiki/Bucky_Barnes "Bucky Barnes"), and [Galactus](/wiki/Galactus "Galactus") and his heralds. Series producers Joshua Fine and [Christopher Yost](/wiki/Christopher_Yost "Christopher Yost") revealed that certain returning characters would adopt their Ultimate Universe counterpart costumes for the second season, such as Nick Fury appearing more like [Ultimate Nick Fury](/wiki/Ultimate_Nick_Fury "Ultimate Nick Fury") with a shaven head and goatee, and the Skrull operative posing as Captain America wearing the [Ultimate Captain America](/wiki/Captain_America_(Ultimate_Marvel_character) "Captain America (Ultimate Marvel character)") costume and wielding an energy shield.<sup id="cite_ref-5" class="reference">[[5]](#cite_note-5)</sup> The second-season premiere, titled "The Private War of Dr. Doom" (featuring Dr. Doom and the Fantastic Four), was shown to audiences at both the 2011 [San Diego](/wiki/San_Diego_Comic-Con "San Diego Comic-Con") and [New York Comic Cons](/wiki/New_York_Comic_Con "New York Comic Con"), as well as the 2012 [WonderCon](/wiki/WonderCon "WonderCon") in Anaheim.<sup id="cite_ref-6" class="reference">[[6]](#cite_note-6)</sup> It premiered with the two-part _[Ultimate Spider-Man](/wiki/Ultimate_Spider-Man_(TV_series) "Ultimate Spider-Man (TV series)")_ pilot on April 1, 2012.<sup id="cite_ref-m.ign.com_7-0" class="reference">[[7]](#cite_note-m.ign.com-7)</sup>